docs: readme add mac os xattr note (#7821)
deskflow/deskflow: README.md

To use Deskflow you can use one of our [packages](https://github.com/deskflow/deskflow/releases), install `deskflow` (if available in your package repository), or [build it](#build-quick-start) yourself from source.

> [!TIP]

> > Mac os users may need to run `xattr -c /Applications/Deskflow.app` After copying the app too applicatons, You will also have to allow accessibility access to both the deskflow gui and the server / client process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> macOS users may need to run `xattr -c /Applications/Deskflow.app` after copying the app to `Applications`.
> You will also have to allow accessibility access to both the `Deskflow` app and the `deskflow` process.
```
